Navbar custom items (#271)
LifeSG/react-design-system: stories/navbar/navbar.stories.mdx

    </Story>
</Canvas>

<Heading3>Custom component items</Heading3>

> You can also choose to render a custom component of your choice as an items.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also choose to render a custom component of your choice as a navigation bar item.
```

<Canvas>
    <Story name="Custom items">
        {() => {
            const navbarRef = useRef();
            const [selected, setSelected] = useState("home");
            return (
                <Navbar
                    ref={navbarRef}
                    items={{

>                         desktop: [

Reviewer: can you also provide an example of a custom component on desktop? doesn't have to be as complicated as the mobile one, a simple icon will do

                                        <CustomComponentWrapper>
                                            <Text.BodySmall>
                                                John Smith
                                            </Text.BodySmall>
                                            <SubLabel>
                                                john_smith@tech.gov.sg
                                            </SubLabel>
                                            <Button.Small
                                                style={{
                                                    marginTop: "1rem",
                                                    marginBottom: "1rem",
                                                }}
                                                onClick={() => {
                                                    navbarRef.current.dismissDrawer();
                                                }}
                                            >
                                                Click to close the drawer
                                            </Button.Small>
                                        </CustomComponentWrapper>

>                                         <hr />

Reviewer: can trouble you to extract this into a component in `doc-elements.tsx` to keep the story markup simpler
